[cmake] allow set extension sources in cmake (#5419)
openthread/openthread: src/core/CMakeLists.txt

target_include_directories(openthread-mtd PUBLIC ${OT_PUBLIC_INCLUDES} PRIVATE ${COMMON_INCLUDES})
target_include_directories(openthread-radio PUBLIC ${OT_PUBLIC_INCLUDES} PRIVATE ${COMMON_INCLUDES})

> set(OT_EXTENSION_SOURCE "" CACHE STRING "set extension source for OpenThread")
> if(OT_EXTENSION_SOURCE)
>   target_compile_definitions(ot-config INTERFACE "OPENTHREAD_ENABLE_VENDOR_EXTENSION=1")
>   list(APPEND COMMON_SOURCES ${PROJECT_SOURCE_DIR}/${OT_EXTENSION_SOURCE})
> endif()

Reviewer: The source path can be an absolute path.
```suggestion
set(OT_VENDOR_EXTENSION "" CACHE STRING "specify a C++ source file built as part of OpenThread core library")
if(OT_VENDOR_EXTENSION)
  target_compile_definitions(ot-config INTERFACE "OPENTHREAD_ENABLE_VENDOR_EXTENSION=1")
  list(APPEND COMMON_SOURCES ${OT_VENDOR_EXTENSION})
endif()
```

target_include_directories(openthread-mtd PUBLIC ${OT_PUBLIC_INCLUDES} PRIVATE ${COMMON_INCLUDES})
target_include_directories(openthread-radio PUBLIC ${OT_PUBLIC_INCLUDES} PRIVATE ${COMMON_INCLUDES})

> target_sources(openthread-ftd PRIVATE ${COMMON_SOURCES})

Reviewer: define OT_EXTENSION_SOURCES by command `set()` first?
